The voice level sees the one you talked to before. Why don't you tell us about
the weather out there while he catches your voice? Well, it's called a shower.
It's called a shower here. If you don't mind that phrase, it's called for me.
I'm coming out here from California and it's planning to grow weather out here.
And I'm used to 50s or 60s at this time of year. So I've been here two, three
days. Another part of Philadelphia. Yeah. I got up this morning, it was 22, 22
degrees. Yeah. That was a little cold. Yeah, I'm from California myself. So I...
Where about that? Go ahead. Yeah. Okay, listen. Yeah, the tape's rolling now.
Listen, the first question, I intend to be specific like you suggested. But the
first question, I just wanted to have you say a little bit about the origin or
genesis of underwood miller. You know how you got together and... Yeah. Started.
Yeah, I'd be glad to because it's kind of an unusual story as far as business
partnerships are concerned. In 1975,
I decided I wanted to publish a book specifically. I wanted to publish the Dying
Earth and a hardcover form. And I was a used book dealer and Chuck Miller was a
used book dealer, feeling in rare and out-of-print books and some new material.
And we knew of each other. And I think we had bought so books from each other
from time to time. And Chuck heard about... I made a mention in a letter about
the Dying Earth and Chuck offered his expertise because he knew a good deal
about certain parts of publishing industry, about distribution and that end of
it. And my experience, my limited experience, had to do with just... Graphically
putting a book together. And so he suggested that we do the book together. And
so we did. And the interesting thing is that we never met each other and tell
the book was already been published. And that was a year later in 1976.
And up to that time, we were literally exchanging thousands of dollars to the
mail and doing business without having met each other. We were in a set-to
-played strangers. But we had this one connection. And that, as we both felt
strongly about this one work of France as a Dying Earth and what France's work
in general, in about specifically about fantasy and science fiction and horror
and literature. And we had that association. And the fact is that literary genre
of fantasy and science fiction, most of the people in it seem to be honest. Are
these most of the people dealing in it professionally as book dealers and book
buyers? And so that it worked out well a year later we met in Kansas City at a
convention selling the Bying Earth and selling some other books. And since then,
we've grown on and had published, I think it's up to 43 books now I haven't
counted it. Both France but some other authors also Zalazni and William Sin and
Robert E. Howard and Stephen Ardownl Sin and a few others. So that's the general
background. I met in France in the course of publishing the Dying Earth. I wrote
him a letter and he wrote back and he's in the same general facilities and
always drive from my house and he wrote back and said, come over and I did and
we struck up quite a friendship.
A few years later, Jack attended a convention out east and met Chuck and three
of us spent some time together. For us, friends and anything else, we our
association has been through the book through publishing Jack's books but our
relationship has really not been one of business at all. We have business maybe
twice a year when we table out east to a more recent amount contract. That's
very casually done and doesn't really figure too much in the relationship.
I'd say that's the background. Yeah, that's fine. It's excellent. As long as you
brought up Jack Vance already, why did you think Dying Earth was special? What
was the input as there for wine to publish that one? Well, at that time, in
fact, it's even more true today. A lot of science fiction and fantasy and
sometimes the best of it does not get published in hardcovered editions. And
what Chuck and I do is we publish high quality hardcover books for collectors
and limited editions and for libraries on acid free paper and with library
binding like that. And we publish small editions and our editions are too small
really for a mainstream New York publisher like Harper and Roll or double day to
bother with. They have to publish 5000 books in hardcover just to break even
with their advertising and their overhead. We can publish an edition of a
thousand or 1500 and do all right because we don't have a large overhead and our
advertising consists of essentially specialty bookstores in our mailing list. We
also sell the library as extensively but that doesn't require much advertising.
So we're filling a slot there and the Dying Earth was the first book we did and
it was just a book that is essentially a classic. It was published in 1950 as a
paperback and it had never been an hardcover and it's just one of the
outstanding books in the fantasy field in 200 years and now people will be
reading it. And it had never been in a durable hardcover edition and so we put
it in one and sold it to collectors and sold it to libraries and did very well
with it. Do you eventually intend to do all advances work or just selected? I
would say most of it, a good deal of it simply because we have our association
with events and a number of our clients, our advanced fans and collect fans. And
a lot of advances written is a lot of other fantasy and science fiction writers
has written his share of forgettable fiction. But a lot of what he is written is
really memorable and worth preserving and advanced like other science fiction
and fantasy writers like Fritz Library and Philip K. Dick and Ursula Gwyn and
any number of people you could know. The name had the bulk of their work
published in paperback and these books never saw hardcover edition simply
because of the economics of the time. And so yeah, we are publishing other
authors now.
But we will continue to publish advances work because we both enjoy reading it
and we think it's significant literature. In other words, part of your concern
there is to is to make sure that work you think is significant is made
permanent. So it's a way to preserve the work. That was original. That is just a
pleasure of bookmaking. Just a pleasure. Chuck and I both take a great pleasure
in making a good book about it that has a signature song which is something that
doesn't occur in general trade, hardcover publishing anymore. A book is printed
on acid free paper so that in 20 or 30 years the paper won't turn brittle and
brown and just a well made well-bound book. A track of the made and our
artistically put together. And it's a publishing a book like that creating a
book like that is really a pleasure. And of course, your listeners may care to
know that. They may not understand that a publisher who is not a printer. A
publisher traditionally has always just been a person who creates the book and
organizes the book as a package as a book. Not as a novel, the writer writes the
fiction. And the publisher sees that it's manufactured. But as of today, no
major publisher owns any printing equipment. I think double day was the last
house that actually owns some printing equipment. They no longer do. And we're
the same way. Our books are manufactured in Michigan and I live in California
and Chuck Miller, there's in Pennsylvania. And we do everything at a distance.
We design the books and we decide as to what size are going to be and what who
is going to illustrate them and to illustrate it. And we make the editorial
choice of deciding what books to publish and when and how many copies to print
in those kind of decisions. And then the book is sent off to a printer and the
book is printed and bound and then shipped back to us. So that is essentially
what we do and we do it. Chuck and I do it together talking on the phone once
twice a week and through the mail. I'm sorry, remember some of your earlier
books in the back. It said that they had been printed, I thought, or the
typography or the printing wasn't somewhere in San Francisco. Now what's that
got to do with Michigan? I'm not sure. The first book that we did was
manufactured in San Francisco and the second book that we did was magnify the
book.
The first book we did was manufactured in San Francisco, the second book was by
Donald and Indiana. And then the third book and all the books since then of Save
One, which was printed up and Vermont. But most of them have been in mid
Michigan. And there's a reason for that. We're doing what's called short print
runs, which is a thousand, 1500 copies. And there are printers in the Michigan
area who are set up to do that length of print runs. They can do that length of
print runs very economically. For example, whoever is printing Vikings books and
actually most of them are printed in Bralper over month. That particular printer
is set up to do from five to 100,000 books. And they like to do 20 or 30,000
minimum. And that's where they're economical. They can't do a thousand books. To
do a thousand books they're across the great deal of money. By the same token,
because of the size of their press and the size of their shop,
and the number of
other factors, depending upon how many books you're printing and what kind of
book and what quality of books you want printed, you have to shop around and
find the best place to do it. And it took us a year to make sure that the print
runs are in a different way. And it took us a year or two to really find our
strides to find the right printer who could print a very high quality book in a
limited edition, and yet at a reasonable price. And when we found one, we stuck
with them. Good. Okay. I understand better now. Okay. Listen. What to say for a
book by Vance? What's a normal run of a cloth book like that? And how do you
determine how many you're going to do? Why not more if you can sell it? I don't
know. Yeah. The books we do. Right. Okay. We normally do well green magic, for
example, 15 on a copy. Some of them are, if you use 500 copies. With primarily
publishing for collectors, when we have a book, it's essentially a new
collection like green magic was, or it's a first hard cover edition, a book, a
first edition of book that's never been out as such before, which's galactic
effectuated was. We might do a few more, but generally we would stay around a
thousand copies of 1500 copies.
And there's a couple reasons for that. One is we're selling the collectors, and
the collectors are buying these books with a knowledge that they're going to go
out of print and print. We become valuable later on. Another reason is that
Chuck and I don't own a warehouse, and we are not in business to have a large
inventory. We couldn't, we would make more money if we printed more books,
because as you print more books across the book of manufacturing, it goes down
dramatically.
But we just simply can't afford to have a lot of books in inventory sitting
around. We can't afford. Our books got a print about nine months, and this is
just the opposite of a major manufacturer, like gotten their brown or someone
like that. They want to book to stay in print as long as possible. And we want
our books to go out of print as soon as possible. And the reason for that being
that, well, a couple reasons. One where we are manufacturing and selling with a
book collector in mind, and a lot of these people are investors. And they're
essentially investing in our books. Another reason being that it's a simple
economic reason that Chuck and I are just due to our economics, or turning our
money over as fast as we can, because we don't have an unlimited source. We
don't deal with banks the way. Our major publisher is essentially dealing with a
printer and dealing with banks, and a big factor in their businesses is, is
they're interested in it, because they're dealing on borrowed money. And we're
using our own money and just continuing to reinvest it in what we're doing. And
that's how we operate. That's why we're printing very few books. Okay, fine. You
mentioned the both of you had been booksellers and so forth, so maybe you can
give me an insight into this, that original printing of the dying earth. I think
that probably was what? 1595 when you... Yes, I was sitting out. Where did high
prices at the time? What do you think in the hands of collectors that would be
worth now or say in the near future? I think that's appreciated quite a bit
already. It has. I have seen copies in San Francisco of the regular trade
edition of that, which came out of 1595. I've seen them sell at $15-$60. And
that was five years ago that was published. Mm-hmm. Are all your cloth editions
first editions? I would assume exceptions. They're mostly first hard cover
editions. There were... We just finished a series called the Demon Prince
series. And the first three in that series had been out in hard cover in
England. You couldn't call them cloths on editions because they weren't. They
were a cheaply bound with taper boards. And they were not a very well-made book.
But in that sense they were... What we did was first cloth foundation, but they
were these hard covers that had been out previously in England. But by and
large, all of our books, essentially what we're doing is publishing first hard
cover editions. That is essentially our business week. I published a book by
Silverberg this year that will be part of a larger collection next year in hard
cover. And we may be doing a book next year by Ursula LaGuin, which Harper will
be publishing. And we just may precede the Harper edition with a 500 copy
edition of our own. And we may precede the Harper edition by three or four
months in our edition with then be signed in number of a very high quality
binding and like that. But by and large, our whole business is to publish hard
covers and the first hard cover edition publishing. Essentially because we're
publishing for collectors and they want hard covers and they want first
editions. And that's why a number of our books are signed in numbered for the
same reason. Right, okay. How do you go about choosing an author to publish?
What criteria do you use? Well, we check and I share similar tastes. Our
criteria is first at the offer be good and be writing something that's
worthwhile. And again, we're speaking of most of the books we're talking about
are within fantasy science fiction and horror genres. Second, they have to have
a certain popularity. There are some authors who are good, who are not
collectible or are not popular. And we simply can't afford to publish people
like that. There are a few people like that that we would like to publish but
cannot. We may, time to time do one book by them. We would like to do a book by,
I have a David's and say, who's really quite a good writer. And there are some
other writers that we will be doing that may or may not be collectible, may not
be saleable. And writers who are trying to do new things, are all right, and
they're trying to do new things within the horror field and maybe publishing
him. But essentially we're taking authors who are already well known and popular
and who's work has some significance. And because they're not getting published
in hardcover or in the case, maybe a versatile liquid because the way that
they're making hardcover these days is so full of quality. But these authors
want a hardcover edition of their work that's going to be durable and well made.
And the fact is that the hardcover publishers simply, I can't, I can't do it
because they can't sell enough to make it worth their while. So we step into
that void that simple economics fact that Japan bought a lot of lumber in this
country and drove the price of paper up. And I just other factors which have
driven up the price of books and cut down the number of new books being
published. I odd situations such as the fact that the tax law changed last year
and now publishers are getting stuck with tax for their inventory. And this is a
whole new situation and it's causing publishers not to have inventory and to be
more careful about what books they publish. So there again, you have fewer new
titles published each year and this is a trend that's going to continue and more
and more paperback originals. And as long as that trend continues, there'll be a
need for people like us who are publishing a small number of hardcover books for
libraries and for people who want to have a library of their own in their homes.
Very good, okay, excellent. Listen, why did you get into the bibliography aspect
of it? What was the intention there? Again, it was in the same way that Chuck
and I got together simply because we both shared a love of books and a love of
advances working. Chuck and I were contacted by a man named Daniel Leevak in
Kanoga Park, which is Los Angeles, California. And he wanted to do a
bibliography of Jack Hans' work. He'd done one and we ended up publishing it.
And we're now involved in a series of bibliographies. We just published a book,
a deck and that bibliography, which is annotated and has 200 reproductions of
covers. There's a bibliography like none other. We think it's the best
bibliography of any office that has ever been published. It's actually more than
a bibliography. It deserves a new name. And it's primarily due to the work of
Daniel Leevak, who's not only a good bibliographer, but he organizes the
projects. And he essentially got in touch with us and he offered his services,
which were very good indeed. And we went along with it simply because he was
very eager to do it and willing to do it. And Chuck and I either Chuck and I are
bibliographers, but the Stella was, and he liked what we liked. And again, the
connection was a personal connection, not a business connection. We didn't.
We're not doing bibliography because there's a lot of money, there isn't. But
we're doing it simply because we enjoy doing it and we enjoy working with the
Stella Leevak who deserves an award of some kind for this Philipp Gadec, which
he just put together and was published. And we'll be continuing because
essentially he's doing more. He's got two or three more that he's completed and
essentially we're publishing him because he's doing him and that's the main
reason. Okay, which one's after Dick, do you think? Well, he's finished Rogers
the last night and he's finished Frank Herbert nearly finished. And he's working
on a bibliography of El Spray, the camp, which is 400 pages long. It's an
enormous work and the annotations to that work. And let me say that all of these
bibliographies now that we've set a line of format are annotated and other words
each novel and each story is briefly summarized and plot and description. And in
the case of a writer-like spray decamp, this meant about 40,000 words just the
annotations. I'll let the full link book to just the story descriptions and
novel descriptions. And the camp is written so much and the typography is
written in an nationalist and typography in so many places. This is theography
of 400 pages long and won't be that long when it's types of it'll be 200 or 250
odd pages, but it'll be really enormous, a gigantic project. And the ad is doing
it and he's doing such a good job, just such a remarkable job that we would
publish it probably if we lost money. There just books that need to go out there
and see the light of day. Okay, listen, have you finished the, I used to say
chive, but when we talked to Jack Vancey said chay. I say chive even though he
says chay because there are some words that have to be found in the way and the
one of them, but yeah, go ahead. Have you finished the last volume of the new
minutes yet? Yeah, yes, it is finally out. Okay, it's funny. Well, before we go
on, I have to say that some books have a life of their own, some books and some
of these bibliologies will come out and they seem to have an impetus of their
own to be published. The diners that may be true, we may have simply been the
instruments of that book seeing hardcover publication, you know, it may have had
some kind of life of its own. On the other hand, some books refused to be born,
you may say, or maybe their jinx from the start. And that series was one of
them. That series which we started three, four years ago and it tended to finish
up in a year or so and it's taken that long. We've had problems with the
original illustrator who he had his own personal problems including the
foundation. We had problems type setting the book, one of the books was type set
twice. We had just a number of manufacturing problems, one of the books had to
be reprinted completely. It was an interesting lesson because everything went
wrong with that series, it could possibly go wrong. And it eventually did get
out. The last volume of last number four came out in October and checking out
both the brief and silent release. Yeah, okay, I'm glad I've got the first
three, I'd better get on that first one. There is, you know, I think very highly
of those four books enjoyed them immensely and I'm happy to say they're out
there. Well, yeah, okay, I, you've really answered this next question all the
way through your, your answers I guess, but let me sort of rephrase it anyhow. I
take it then that the underwood Miller endeavor is really a more labor of love
than it is an attempt to earn money or to. It is, but we're earning a living by
it and we really have a lot of potential down the road and that. Now let you ask
that same question that Chuck Miller was here in just a moment of view, if you
will, but for my point of view. We are making a living, we both learned a lot
about what we're doing.
We've associated ourselves with some publishers in New York and we're acquainted
now with virtually everyone within the field from publishers editors,
manufacturers, whatever. Who was anything to do with publishing fantasy and
science fiction. We've met other authors who we may have some later date
published such as James Colvel.
We have just gained a lot of expertise and know how and from that point of view,
we could do a lot of other things and we may be doing other things. We're now
putting together a book about Stephen King and to create a critical collection.
We did a critical book on Jack Bance's work and essentially learn how to do one
by doing one. And that's kind of how we've operated from the beginning and now
that we have a little experience there, we're doing one on Stephen King. We've
never been one and we essentially solicited critical pieces from a number of the
other authors in the horror field who, who, who, who. Oh, oh, we're dead to
King, to some extent because King is popularized in horror field and or who just
wanted to say something about King's writing because they either like it or
don't like it. And we put together a number of essays and critical pieces and
we're now editing them and we're going to be publishing that book as a hardcover
ourselves and it will come out as a paperback from a mass market publisher in
New York at some later day. And so we're able to do a book like that put
together a package like that. There's a lot of progress in the future but what
we're doing began as a labor of love and know we're certainly not doing it. We
wouldn't do it for money because when you work for yourself, I think you end up
working a lot longer hours and working harder. That's been my experience in
Chuck's experience too, I think. We wouldn't be doing it for the money now. We
do it because we'd like to do it and we really couldn't either receive a do
anything else. Okay, excellent. Well, listen, I would have one more question for
you and then maybe I could ask a couple of Chuck before we let you go. As a
friend of Jack Vance, I've always Vance to me is the greatest writer going, you
know, I've worshipped him for a long time. I guess I don't know how to phrase
the question. I've always been, let me just give a couple of thoughts, maybe you
can just respond to them in a person away. First of all, I've always been amazed
at the lack of recognition for a writer, if his abilities. I don't think he's
gotten the recognition he deserved until recently and I don't even think he's
gotten it now. Also, oh, he has uniqueness. I think he's awfully unique in his
style, his ideas, his abilities when we talked to him, he didn't think he was
unique at all. He was just a craftsman going about his job and he didn't see
anything special or different or etc. You know, could you just sort of respond
like what attracted you to Vance and your relationship with him? Well, there,
yeah. I think Jack is accomplished some things, some of his works have just had
never been done before. And not only in terms of style but in terms of feeling
and he,
I think he's a certain person or a certain kind of spirit, he's on his
wavelength and we respond strongly to his work. He's the latter part of his work
and the best of his work is extremely well crafted. He's a craftsman, very well
written and he accomplishes a lot of really unusual things in a very quiet way.
And the tackling or book called Jack Vance, which can't be critical of things on
him, explains a little bit about how and why he goes about that. How he
accomplishes what he does. My feeling is that when we respond strongly to Vance,
one who feels much the same way about the world that he does. I think why he has
neither those properties say John like Ray who, who I think people respond to in
the same way. Vance is more of a rarefied taste, I think.
He's kind of things that he feels are important, the strangeness in the world
about us and unusual qualities of life itself. Those kinds of considerations are
not important to a lot of people, people who do feel these things strongly are
going to like with Vance Wright. They're going to enjoy reading, they're going
to enjoy the world that he's created.
I think that partly Vance has been kind of a reclusive and has refused to
promote his own work and refused to be involved in that. For a number of years
he had, he was misrepresented as agents in my opinion, and in my opinion, the
agents did not do much work for him. Vance now has an agent who was working for
him, Kirby McColley, and that has done a great deal of the turn Vance's career
around. Vance recently has been reviewed in the L.A. Times and the Washington
Post the past year, and he's beginning to get some recognition. Vance is just
competing a book called, as you may know, L.A. and it's a very large, major work
of fantasy.
And this book also will, I think, establish his career or make people pay
attention to Jack, he's not done a lot of the things that make other writers
successful, like he's never stayed with one character. The way that's, say,
like, a race day with a smiley, or the way that someone writes a doc savage
novel 15 times in a row or whatever. He hasn't done that, and he hasn't, he
hasn't had one hero that he's repeated for any great number of books, and he
hasn't. He hasn't had one contemporary theme that appeals to people like the
battle of the sexes or something like that. He has a lot of stories about the
role of Jack, James, Jack's, consideration, themes or a enormously subtle and
kind of a rare fried nature, and that's his best, as I can answer that question.
That's about what I would say too, it's hard to pin him down, I agree.
We'll just submit David, I just want to ask talk a few questions, we could do
that, call back. Do you hear a lot of static? There's a bit in the background,
yeah. David says we're getting a lot here. Listen, I just had a few questions to
ask of Chuck, so maybe, can we just call you back for a couple more? Okay, I'll
hang up and call back and check it out. Yeah, it'll just be a few minutes more.
Thank you. That's fine. Okay, I'll get you in a second. Very good.
Are you rolling David? Yeah, we're rolling the tape. Listen, I have a couple of
questions of being the same general area that you probably had heard Tim
Underwood respond to, but from what you heard, do you have any kinds of comments
or additions to what he was saying on anything in particular before I get down
to some? No, whatever you have in mind. Okay.
Oh, let's see, how about, I don't think I ever got a specific, he sort of
interwoven through his answers, a statement, sort of a statement on the purpose
of Underwood Miller. Could you sort of synthesize that for me? Well, I believe
that basic purposes that this fantasy and science fiction literature will simply
endure and will simply continue to be read for hundreds and possibly another
fact. And as far as this sort of literature is read and enjoyed, the books that
we publish will be read again and again by future generations. It's a real grasp
on the future here. I guess you've heard Tim talk about, oh, you know, the cloth
bindings in the paper without acid and I don't know if you realize it
distinction there that most books just don't have that. The paper they have acid
and I'm so, so it dissolves the wood pulp and the bindings are made cheap so
that after you read them all say three or four times or a paper bag you read it
a couple times and it falls apart on you. Well, these books that we make are
going to last and as they are manufactured to last the literature in them, the
words and the contents we believe have a lasting value so that this will
continue to be enjoyed again and again. Okay, very good. Tim said a lot of
things about this too, but maybe you could synthesize this for me. What would be
the difference between underwood Miller edition and say the addition of a major
publisher, a hardback in each case in terms of how the book is put together.
Well, we work a little closer to the line than a large publisher. They simply
have more avenues to explore as far as distribution goes so they're able to
print more copies and sell more books whereas we are dealing with a specific
market. Basically designed for libraries and people collect this literature. So
what we're trying to do is not exactly, but sort of like the Franklin Min,
although they do these massive additions and they're kind of open ended what
they do is they'll take an order in for. Their addition is limited to as many
people as order it whereas ours are strictly limited to say a thousand copies
whatever we state to begin with that's pretty much what it is. So whereas a
larger publisher would sell however many they can, can't significantly sell with
their six figure add budget. Well, we only sell a thousand that's basically it
otherwise we all go through the same things in manufacturing and design we put
possibly a little more care but a lot less money into our design factors in
making a book. What it should be when you need design a book you look at it and
and you have to absorb from the story what factors are currently is how the book
should be presented in a physical work and a larger publisher can spend a lot of
money and still not come up with a good design. We feel we don't spend as much
money and we do come up with a good design. Now when you say design I mean what
exactly do you mean that the kind of type the chapter headings the style of
numbering what is involved. Yes enters into it it's the whole book what kind of
paper should be used on the dust wrapper should it be illustrated if it should
be illustrated by who should it be illustrated different styles illustrators
lend themselves certain works in certain ways. You know what kind of cloth what
color of the book should be all these factors add into what is the design of the
book and the rock considered every point is considered. Okay, how do you choose
an illustrator. Well. Basically working from the text some text were action
oriented and we go for an artist who has this in his style not every artist can
do everything and. We try to choose one is suitable for the work other texts of
more say intellectually oriented their little more slow pace. More this is a
rebro in physical and action and with a they call for certain other type of
illustration that's all. Okay, do you ever respond to anybody like collectors
and so forth and in choosing your books or is it just between you and and to
wonder what is to what you do. As to what you publish at our editorial choice
you mean yeah I mean which authors in which books you pick I mean do you respond
I mean if if a collector says okay why don't you do so and so next year
something. Yeah, we get it at awful lot of that kind of stuff people have all
kinds of ideas of what they would like the favorite author of the favorite book
and a lot of it. With fans and stuff that particular stuff that we've had in
mind for a while and and just haven't gotten to the lately we've got to a lot of
it. We filled in a lot of the gaps we had left for the past few years meaning
that we just got caught up with some of our scheduling. Other people have
different authors that they of course would like to see or. And so we have a lot
of the other people have not much insight information but personal information
with the author meaning that they'll have a favorite author and a real lies that
the guy has say an unpubliced mystery manuscript lying around and say why you
should. I'm a public disguised mystery manuscript and that's all well and good
and and we listen to it but when it really gets down to it it's our money on the
line so we make the decision. That's good. Yeah it's the only way we can. Okay
listen I didn't was saying that I got the impression when his last few answers
that you're thinking of expanding some release you. There's possibility of such
could you respond to that like I mean doing different kinds of things and and
just expanding is that possible well. Yes, it no expanding in terms of cool
packaging is certainly possible and that's that seems to be a direction which we
are heading it's. A different challenge to us all of this is a challenge. We've
never really kind of set still on what we've been doing. We kind of keep at it
and work on it make it a little bit better make it a little bit smoother. Just
make it work. A little better as far as physically doing more books whether it's
not that much more we could do I'd say are maximum number both of. Two people
can do in a year would be 15 after that if we start sponsoring more books we're
not going to do as good a job on each book.
And then if we would just limit ourselves limit our attention to our energies to
just. These certain number of projects we just take. We played off more than we
could chew we're going to be up the creek that's kind of it to. So yeah there is
expansion going on but not so much in physical terms that's the number of books.
Yeah, okay listen I think we probably taken enough of your time on tape is just
about here I wanted to say just. Personally it's the thank both of you for what
you're doing you're I'm exactly the kind of reader in collector that you were
aiming at. Oh I've got about I've got over half your books I've collected them
and that was what I thought I said boy this is great I want these books because
they're going to last you know I have an old beat up copy of dying earth and. I
read it so much you know it's falling apart so. What you intended to do for a
lot of people is being done and I appreciate it. Well I thank you very much is
really nice talk with you. Well listen yeah what well David would like his
Timston underwood still there yeah David would like.